THE APPLICATION OF MOBILE DEVICES TO WLAN HACKING
-------------------------------------------------
"Can I hack WiFi from my phone?"
The answer is no, probably not. But you can help plan out an attack by wardriving. 

In the context of this document, a 'mobile device' is an 'Android' device. It is NOT an iOS device like an iPhone or iPad. Trying to hack WLANs with
something as locked down as iOS is idiotic, even if I'm wrong and it isn't impossible. The 'Android' doesn't have to specifically run Android. It may
be running Lineage or Graphene. The said device likely has an arm64 chip, made by a manufactuer such as Qualcomm or MediaTek. It is running a Linux 
kernel. It may or may not be rooted. Finally, your mobile device should probably be running Termux, or some other terminal. 

Mobile devices are considered unfavorable, but my previous research into the subject has shown significantly more potential than I thought possible.
Because they use the Linux kernel, they are actually more favorable for hacking WLAN's than Windows. I have managed to install airmon-ng on Termux 
with no problems at all. The real problem comes when you try to use airmon-ng on a mobile device. If you try to use the 'normal way' to bring your 
network interface into monitor mode, it will not work on the cell phone's built in network interface card. The mobile device's built in network card
does not ever support monitor mode. In other words, the hardware is too locked down to 'hack WiFi'. 

According to what I've read online, certain phone models actually do have monitor mode available for their network card. I have never successfully
used airmon-ng from any mobile device, but I'll try again for the purposes of this lab research project. Mobile devices are not the focus of this 
project. Nevertheless, I've seen threads on forums about people hooking up an external network card to their phones using a special adapter. They
claim that they are able to run airmon-ng this way. In this lab, we will attempt to do the same thing.

Theoretically, it's possible to use your mobile device for a couple of basic WLAN-related attacks:

1.
It's possible to triangulate WiFi access points, even without root. This is passive and never illegal. Check out the app WiFiAnalyzer from F-Droid.
Passively detecting AP beacons gives you information about the AP's SSID, encryption type, channel, and more. I saw a bunch of hidden SSID's when I 
scanned around. 

2. 
If you manage to connect an external network card to your phone, then you may theoretically capture the handshake hash of a WPA2-PSK network. The
skiddie way to do this on a normal Linux distro is to run WiFite or Fluxion and capture the hash. I see no reason a mobile device can't do it. 

3.
You can get very creative and hook your Android up via USB or Bluetooth. This way, you can control your Software Defined Radio (SDR) or even your
computer through your phone. 



See also:
LineageOS
Magisk
Graphene
Fluxion
airmon-ng
Termux
adb
fastboot
